Look at me? You
This is the system
Pretending to be a diva
He bought a bag and went to Tianhou Lane to buy Sun Ling
A little bit of dignity
This thing you bought is already worn out, it’s just a fake.
I don’t know how to spend money
Is it considered good?
Based on my many years of experience in the arena
Naturally, I don’t dare to pretend to be a round noodle.
It must be otherwise
This mental quality is extremely poor
Don’t be afraid of having good qualities in your heart
Send it to me
The dragon was just talking in the market
It’s better to find out and leave again
Even though you want to catch me
Then I'll go with you, dad, and him, you bastards
Wear them all together
Repair the tattered
Don’t you hate it?
Hurry up and get lucky with me now
Have you become a new player?
And you can rest assured
your woman
it's always you
We'll be back soon